Macos support (#28)
hedge-dev/HedgeModManager: README.md

> 
> For Heroic, it must be a flatpak install within the home directory. 

> > [!NOTE]
> > Currently Hedge Mod Manager is not officially available to be downloaded from any package managers.
> 

Reviewer: Bad rebase. Remove
```suggestion
```

### Building

> [Check out the building instructions here](/docs/BUILDING.md).

Reviewer: Maybe not making the whole text a link would be better
```suggestion
For building from source, please check the [building instructions](/docs/BUILDING.md) page.
```
